#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
analytics-python==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyascii==0.3.1
    # via wagtail
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via django
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
atpublic==3.1.1
    # via ibis-framework
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
autopep8==2.0.0
    # via django-silk
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   analytics-python
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   readtime
    #   wagtail
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
celery[redis]==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-results
celery-progress==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
conditional==1.4
    # via django-clone
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cryptography==38.0.3
    # via
    #   django-cryptography
    #   pyjwt
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via pyquery
db-dtypes==1.0.4
    # via ibis-bigquery
decorator==5.1.1
    # via jsonpath-ng
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via python3-openid
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via redis
dj-database-url==1.0.0
    # via django-heroku
dj-paddle @ git+https://github.com/paddle-python/dj-paddle
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-database-url
    #   dj-paddle
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-cacheops
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-clone
    #   django-cryptography
    #   django-dirtyfields
    #   django-filter
    #   django-heroku
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-invitations
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-permissionedforms
    #   django-redis
    #   django-safedelete
    #   django-silk
    #   django-storages
    #   django-tables2
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-turbo-allauth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   wagtail
django-admin-tools==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-allauth==0.50.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-turbo-allauth
django-anymail[mailgun]==8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-cryptography
django-cacheops==6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-beat==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-results==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-clone==3.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cogwheels==0.3
    # via wagtailmenus
django-cryptography==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-dirtyfields==1.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
django-heroicons @ git+https://github.com/geoffbeier/django-heroicons
    # via -r requirements.in
django-heroku==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-hijack==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-invitations==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-modelcluster==6.0
    # via wagtail
django-permissionedforms==0.1
    # via wagtail
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-safedelete==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-silk==4.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-history==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages[google]==1.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tables2==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==2.1.0
    # via wagtail
django-timezone-field==5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
django-treebeard==4.5.1
    # via wagtail
django-turbo-allauth==0.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
django-turbo-response==0.0.52
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-turbo-allauth
django-waffle==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
draftjs-exporter==2.1.7
    # via wagtail
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
funcy==1.17
    # via django-cacheops
future==0.18.2
    # via django-clone
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.10.2
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.65.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.14.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==0.7.0
    # via pydata-google-auth
google-cloud-bigquery==2.34.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ibis-bigquery
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.16.2
    # via ibis-bigquery
google-cloud-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-language==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==2.5.0
    # via django-storages
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.4.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.56.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
gprof2dot==2022.7.29
    # via django-silk
grpcio==1.50.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.48.2
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hashids==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
heroku3 @ git+https://github.com/martyzz1/heroku3.py
    # via -r requirements.in
honeybadger==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
honeycomb-beeline==2.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via wagtail
httplib2==0.21.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
ibis-bigquery==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ibis-framework==3.2.0
    # via ibis-bigquery
idna==3.4
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   coreschema
    #   django-silk
jsonpath-ng==1.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
kombu==5.2.4
    # via celery
l18n==2021.3
    # via wagtail
lark==0.11.3
    # via -r requirements.in
libhoney==2.3.0
    # via honeycomb-beeline
lxml==4.9.1
    # via pyquery
markdown2==2.4.6
    # via readtime
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via jinja2
monotonic==1.6
    # via analytics-python
multipledispatch==0.6.0
    # via ibis-framework
numpy==1.23.4
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   ibis-framework
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via tablib
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   ibis-bigquery
    #   ibis-framework
    #   pytest
    #   redis
paddle-client==1.0.0
    # via dj-paddle
pandas==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   db-dtypes
    #   ibis-framework
parsy==2.0
    # via ibis-framework
pathvalidate==2.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
phpserialize==1.3
    # via dj-paddle
pillow==9.3.0
    # via wagtail
plotly==5.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via click-repl
proto-plus==1.22.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-language
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==5.9.3
    # via honeybadger
psycopg2==2.9.5
    # via django-heroku
psycopg2-binary==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyarrow==9.0.0
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   ibis-bigquery
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycodestyle==2.9.1
    # via autopep8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.15.0
    # via dj-paddle
pydantic==1.10.2
    # via ibis-framework
pydata-google-auth==1.4.0
    # via ibis-bigquery
pygments==2.13.0
    # via rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via django-allauth
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
pyquery==1.4.3
    # via readtime
pytest==6.2.5
    # via pytest-mock
pytest-mock==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-crontab==2.6.0
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   django-silk
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   heroku3
    #   pandas
    #   python-crontab
python-levenshtein==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2022.6
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-silk
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   l18n
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
readtime==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==4.3.4
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-cacheops
    #   django-redis
regex==2022.10.31
    # via ibis-framework
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   coreapi
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-silk
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   heroku3
    #   libhoney
    #   paddle-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   wagtail
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
rich==12.6.0
    # via ibis-framework
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   click-repl
    #   django-cacheops
    #   django-clone
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   grpcio
    #   honeybadger
    #   html5lib
    #   jsonpath-ng
    #   l18n
    #   multipledispatch
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.42
    # via ibis-bigquery
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-silk
statsd==3.3.0
    # via libhoney
tablib[xls,xlsx]==3.2.1
    # via wagtail
telepath==0.3
    # via wagtail
tenacity==8.1.0
    # via plotly
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
tomli==2.0.1
    # via autopep8
toolz==0.12.0
    # via ibis-framework
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2022.6
    # via django-celery-beat
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via requests
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wagtail==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtailmenus==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
whitenoise==6.2.0
    # via django-heroku
willow==1.4.1
    # via wagtail
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   honeycomb-beeline
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlsxwriter==3.0.3
    # via wagtail
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
